Updated release procedure (#9538)
geosolutions-it/MapStore2: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/release_steps.md

- [ ] Check that [MapStoreExtension](https://github.com/geosolutions-it/MapStoreExtension) repository is aligned and working
- [ ] Test on QA [https://qa-mapstore.geosolutionsgroup.com/mapstore/](https://qa-mapstore.geosolutionsgroup.com/mapstore/)
  - [ ] Test **everything**, not only the new features

>   - [ ] Test the creation of a standard project starting in from the stable branch and with the internal backend, so:
>       - [ ] `node ./createProject.js` (and insert the entries. On base branch, insert the release branch (e.g. `YYYY.XX.xx`), for project folder insert `../test_release_<release_number>` )
>       - [ ] `cd ../test_release_<release_number>`
>       - [ ] `npm install`
>       - [ ] `npm run start:app`, then check that an empty homepage loads correctly

Author: ```suggestion
  - [ ] Test the creation of a standard project starting in from the stable branch and with the internal backend, so:
      - [ ] `node ./createProject.js` and insert the entries (for the rest simply press enter:
          - **project name**: `release_project_test`
          - **base branch**: insert the release branch (e.g. `YYYY.XX.xx`)
          - **project folder** insert `../test_release_<release_number>` )
      - [ ] `cd ../test_release_<release_number>`
      - [ ] `npm install`
      - [ ] `npm run start:app`, then check that an empty homepage loads correctly
```
